# Transcript:

  00:00:00 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Justin, how are you doing?    Pretty good.    How are you?
  00:00:02 - Ulric Caron
      I'm doing very good, too.    Thank you for taking the time.    I was amazed how you can work this out for a mortgage automator when I saw the loom.    Awesome.    Yeah, I'm glad.
  00:00:17 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah.    Yeah, I mean, a lot of that is definitely possible.    And I because before AI and stuff, I have a lot of development and reverse engineering and like scraping experience.    So that's where that comes from.    But usually the concern is like bot detections, you know, if they have like, you know, anti bot detections pretty much.    And it seemed from initial testing that no, that was not the case.    So, yeah.    Good.
  00:00:49 - Ulric Caron
      And so it's just a quick call to have a touch base before going forward with some of the development that we have with with AI.    My I just have.    I some few questions.    The first one was, do you know how hard it is to have the chat bot to fulfill all the blanks on the mortgage automator for a loan request?    I explained because if that's somewhat complicated, we can just open the API.    There's no problem with that.    No, that's totally possible.
  00:01:21 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, yeah.    I just said, my point of why I mentioned that was just because, you know, if you saw that I already started something, maybe you'd go, oh, why can't you just finish it kind of thing?    That's sort of what I meant by that.    That is 100% possible.    We just have to prepare it enough to have all those fields kind of in its memory, knowing what they relate to when it's extracting data, stuff like that.    Yeah, that's somewhat complicated.
  00:01:50 - Ulric Caron
      I mean, since we pay for the hours, it's same thing to pay for the open the API.    So if that's easier for you, I don't mind if we have to pay them.   

 It's    Okay.    I mean, in that case, yeah.
  00:02:02 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      I mean, it would be way easier to use the API for sure.    Okay.    So perfect.    Let me, hold on.    Let me just double confirm.
  00:02:11 - Ulric Caron
      they charge us something like $300 a month to open the API.    And you guys are like $250.    So, I mean, if that's easier for you, I don't mind to just like going forward with the API.    That makes sense.
  00:02:28 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, I guess that's true.    I just want to confirm.    Okay.    Do you know if you have access to the Mortgage Automator API docs by chance?    No, no.
  00:02:41 - Ulric Caron
      These guys are fuckers.    They just, they don't want to let us know anything about that.
  00:02:47 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Because, I mean, I would say yes, but I always would like to confirm that this would be a part of the API.    Because sometimes the APIs are very limited.    Let's see if I can find any docs.    I don't see any docs public for Mortgage Automator.
  00:03:07 - Ulric Caron
      Can I ask them for having these preliminary information?    Is that something that I can ask before charging anything?
  00:03:17 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      You mean for them?    Yeah, I would assume so.    Typically, yes.    What would I ask from them?
  00:03:24 - Ulric Caron
      I don't know how to say it.
  00:03:26 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, I guess I could write something down for you.    Oh, that would be nice.    Yeah.    Let me put it in this email.    Okay, so Mortgage Automator.    I mean, the base question would really just be, can you provide your API docs for us to confirm which features are available within the API?    a great question.    If we were to pay for such, that's like the base question, but then we'd want, I mean, that's really all you need unless they specifically don't want to send you the d

ocs.    Yeah.    I mean, really, it's just, I believe the question would be what creating a new loan entry.    Sorry.    What was the nomenclature again?    Mortgage automate.    Let me see if I can quickly check the nomenclature was a new file.    Okay.    I see a new file.    That's, that's the nomenclature.    Okay.    And that's considered a loan though.    Correct.    Oh, the new file, new loan agent.
  00:04:42 - Ulric Caron
      Yeah.    No, no.
  00:04:44 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      When you're on mortgage automator, just like, Oh, it's new file.    Yeah.    That's what I'm asking.    Yeah.    Okay.    Okay.    Um, so, um, I'll ask them.    Does the API support, um,    Screening a new new file in full.    Yeah, there we go.    That's really it.    Was there anything else after it filled out, like after you'd fill out that form?    Was there anything after that?    I don't recall 100%.
  00:05:20 - Ulric Caron
      Well, we can create the offer financing, but it's all from the same form.    So no, we just have to fill in the blanks of the new file and that's it.    So it's all connected to the offer of financing with just like fill in the blank as well from the same form of mortgage automator new file.
  00:05:41 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Okay.    I wonder if we should ask that about that one too.    Oh, does the API...    So do you ever need this info?    You want this information, so you'd export certain file types, right?    From mortgage automator sometimes?    No.    No?    Okay.    Nevermind.
  00:06:01 - Ulric Caron
      Well, if we export, maybe for accounting purpose, but not that much.    Okay, then never mind.
  00:06:08 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Okay, so that's the basic questions there.    And then my questions that I think started this was, for both of these processes, I guess they're pretty much the same questions, the post-disbursement follow-up process and then the new loan data sync pro

cess, how do you envision those starting?    Like, by that, I mean, you use Pipedrive, correct, is your CRM?
  00:06:33 - Ulric Caron
      Yeah, but we will not use Pipedrive for these kind of, not at this, how can I say that?    We use Mortgage Automator and Google Drive as the base of our business process.    The Pipedrive is just for me, my analytics of new loan and the buildup of the pipeline.    So Pipedrive is not that important for the rest of the team that to point to that.    know, well.    but    That they will use the new loan agent.    For them, what's important is really to connect them between the Mortgage Automator and the Google Drive from their email.
  00:07:10 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, I mean, I'm clear on that.    I just, I guess, because I can recommend a few different ways, which I sort of did, which is how do you envision a consistent way of starting that within your current abilities?    Because my recommendation would be setting up a stage to put the client in on Pipedrive that would start these processes.    But we could do something else like maybe you forward the email to the bot with a specific subject and that would start the process.
  00:07:42 - Ulric Caron
      Can we just all start that from the email?
  00:07:47 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah.
  00:07:48 - Ulric Caron
      Maybe I don't understand the question from the Pipedrive perspective.
  00:07:54 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Let me see.    Let me see.    Let me try and think.
  00:07:56 - Ulric Caron
      Because Pipedrive is not used as much as the same kind of.    Trello for example.
  00:08:01 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Oh, do you use Trello for that kind of thing internally?
  00:08:06 - Ulric Caron
      we don't in the team, like not globally.    I use it personally, but it's like the same kind of view since we just want to have card and having these analytics for the pipeline.    But the purpos

e of the new loan agent is more of a business process helper, because we receive a lot of new loan requests, and we want them to be in the right folder, creating a folder on mortgage automator and Google Drive, and having the right documents at the same, at the right spot.    So we don't have to do manually every time creating a mortgage automator folders and Google Drive folders.
  00:08:45 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      No, okay.    No, I understand.    Yeah, I have both scopes pretty much done.    I just had based on that, my understanding so far.    Okay.    So the question is though, what is the question?
  00:09:12 - Ulric Caron
      And I know this is not typical as other business that they will use a lot of their CRM.    Yeah, that's sort of where my recommendation usually lies.
  00:09:25 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      So it's a little bit different then.    So for, okay, let's start with the, let me confirm, hold on.    Yeah, so for the post disbursement automation process, I guess the pre-question is, is there a consistent format?    Yeah.    Yeah.    Yeah.    Yeah.    Of email in like the first email in the chain of this process that we can just watch for on the agent side, if that makes sense.    Yeah, I'm sorry.
  00:10:13 - Ulric Caron
      What was your question, Justin?
  00:10:15 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      For the post disbursement automation process, that's the one with the follow ups, correct?    Exactly.
  00:10:26 - Ulric Caron
      For the disbursement, the follow ups for the condition of the letter of financing.    Exactly, yeah.
  00:10:32 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      So, when that process happens, is it always your guys are sending the first one?
  00:10:41 - Ulric Caron
      I understand, because I can have a one on my pipe drive, so it will start the process, right?    Is that the thing?    Because I won the deal?    Like it started the process of the deal?
  00:10:52 - Justin (j

ustinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, exactly.    I mean, that was my theory on pipe drive.    can create a custom stage, and stage could be one or stage could be post disbursement.    That's sort of my theory there.    If you want to use PipeDrive for that, that would make things a lot easier.    But we can have instead it like watch your email.    And then if there's a consistent nomenclature of an email that would start this process, we could follow that instead.    So that's my question, I guess, is when you start this process, you guys send the initial email, correct?    The first email?
  00:11:32 - Ulric Caron
      Yeah, that's the first email right now from my colleague, Nadia, that I think that I've shown you.    I can show you another one.    That's what started the process.
  00:11:42 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      So will that always have the same subject or maybe a keyword or something in there?
  00:11:48 - Ulric Caron
      Yeah, well, we can create one.    That's a good point.    So we can have something like new file, nouveau dossier en français, and having the name of...    The file, the same from Mortgage Automator, and that we start with that.    Yeah, we can have that.
  00:12:06 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Okay, so yeah, so I'll add that to the email just so you can send me that.
  00:12:13 - Ulric Caron
      Yeah, so I'll give you the email from my colleague Nadia that start the process normally.    Of course, the condition will change following the offer financing, but you see how it works.
  00:12:24 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, but the point is, I just want a consistent way of finding that email and starting the process, because once the process is started, it understands the thread, the email thread, and it will continue to reply in that thread.    But if you have an email with thousands of random emails and they aren't always the post-disbursement process, the question is, how do we consi

stently determine that email type?    That's, I guess, what I was asking for.    Yeah, if you can put a keyword or something in there that we can always check for, and we know for sure that that's the...
  00:13:00 - Ulric Caron
      So this will be linked to the mortgage automator, and when Nadia will send this email, the AI agent will take the lead for the follow-up?    Yeah, yeah.
  00:13:13 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      But I just want a consistent way of understanding AI to respond to that thread or get back to those people and watch for follow-ups and all that.
  00:13:25 - Ulric Caron
      And for the start of the process, can we like, because we have the offer financing that can be signed on our end.    So maybe if that's easier, I can create something on Pipedrive and has the same subject than the mortgage automator, click on one, and adding the disbursement condition on the Pipedrive and on all the notes.    And when it's one, you can have the email be sent directly to the borrowers.    If that's something that could work, you don't have to have this first step of Nadia sending    So once the letter of financing is signed on our end, I will create something on Pipedrive, the same subject as a mortgage automator with the condition, for example, in the notes that we want to be fulfilled.    And once it's So on the Pipedrive, an email will be sent directly with all that we want to the borrowers, correct?
  00:14:37 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah.    Okay.    Perfect.
  00:14:39 - Ulric Caron
      Good.    Good.    So I'll get back to you with that, Justin.    I have a couple more questions.
  00:14:48 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah.    I'm just writing these notes down to you in the email.    Okay.    Okay.    Okay.    So that...    That would be CRM, so it's Pipedrive, okay, excuse me, sorry, okay, so let me see, okay, so the other one is, I mean, this isn't even, I guess, a requirement, but for these pro

cesses, do you want team notifications of their state, like, of, you know, how they're doing, like, on Slack or email or something, or you don't want that, maybe?
  00:15:30 - Ulric Caron
      Will we see it from our email, since we will be taking the lead by the AI?
  00:15:35 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Well, yes, and it would put it in drafts first, so it makes sure that, you know, it's not gonna be wrong or something, and then we can move it to full autonomous, once you're confident with how it was handling with draft mode, yeah, so you'd see that, so it's not necessarily a concern, but I guess in the future, if...    No, that's a good point.
  00:15:57 - Ulric Caron
      Maybe we can, can we add it on the...    Press    Because once we centralize everything on Google, on the chat of Google, saying like, for example, in this file, it's complete or something like that.    Where were you thinking of that exactly?    It's just a proposal.    If we have something best, I don't know, but just something like that.    Oh, let me see.    So it's like the Google Chat.
  00:16:29 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Oh, right.    I would have to confirm if that has API.    Kind of Slack, but I don't know if it's.    Oh, yes.    Oh, hold on.    I don't use that very often, actually.    I'm a very big Google guy, but I don't.    I think nobody used that thing, honestly.    I need to confirm what the name of that is.    Google Gmail.
  00:16:52 - Ulric Caron
      Because if not, if not, I will not probably be able to going forward with Slack or something else.    We'll Do episode, everyone's me whatever cultural something    Because we don't want any other software to be involved because just of the weight that can be pulled in for the team.    Oh, no, that's fine.
  00:17:09 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      No, yeah.    I was just giving examples.    mean, whatever, typically whatever you already use is fine.    But I will have to confi

rm what that service is called and if they offer an API, they should.    Is the same thing as the email, though?
  00:17:28 - Ulric Caron
      I don't know if it's like.
  00:17:31 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      I mean, I guess I could just.    Well, that's the other thing.    I could just send you like a daily email that says like, oh, this person is, you know, halfway through this person.
  00:17:38 - Ulric Caron
      Oh, man, that will be awesome.
  00:17:40 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      I think that's awesome.    Yeah.    Daily update.    That's what I was thinking.    Yeah.    Okay, perfect.    That'll be easier.    Okay.    So a daily update of status to email.    Okay.    And then so the other question is pretty much the same thing.    But for new loan data sync.    That's right.    So if you're going to be using Pipedrive for stages, is there a stage that you would create or prefer to use to start the process of the new loan data sync?
  00:18:18 - Ulric Caron
      Ideally, would be at the reception of the new loan, but that's kind of hard because we don't know, like, we never know what's the email, you know, like, if that's a new loan or not.    I don't know if the AI is able to detect if it's a new loan, for example, a new address on an email.
  00:18:40 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      I mean, it could, but interesting.    Okay.
  00:18:45 - Ulric Caron
      Or can I, it's a theory, but can I just if I receive an email from a broker saying that's a request alone, and I transfer it to myself with some of a special nomenclature in the in the    In the email, and now the AI knows, okay, like, he triggered the process, so he links this email to a new loan request, and having add to the Google Drive and the mortgage automator, I don't know if that's possible.    If so, this can be that solution as well.
  00:19:19 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, we can do that for now.    Yeah, I feel like there could b

e a better option in the future, but that's totally fine right now.    That's, yeah, that's definitely doable, as long as you have a consistent way of maybe attaching a word or a phrase.
  00:19:36 - Ulric Caron
      This could be, for example, like, I transferred to myself, like, a new loan request saying, like, new loan links blue capital, and once that's triggered the right thing for the AI, I don't know, but, because there's nothing consistent when the broker sends you a new loan request.
  00:19:56 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Okay, yeah, I mean, we could do a system, maybe, let's say...    Okay, let's say that for now, let's put it as like a tentative like V2, if you're happy with this so far, and you realize you want even more of this like handled, we can create a smart understanding system of all emails that come in and where they're like how they're related.    And it can like potentially auto determine, you know, new loan, what client it is, but there's a little bit more setup for that, like, like, like a trap, we'd need tracking somehow.    So yeah, so yeah.
  00:20:31 - Ulric Caron
      Sorry, no, no, no, I'm amazed.
  00:20:35 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, there's a lot that's possible.    It's just a lot of, I don't know, depends on how deep you want to go.    Yeah, but you're the expert.
  00:20:43 - Ulric Caron
      So what what's easier for for a business, a small business like ours?
  00:20:46 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      I mean, I mean, you want quick wins anyway.    So we can always, we can always add V2 features and changes to these in the future for sure.    Okay, the subject, honestly, there's no problem if we like,
  00:21:02 - Ulric Caron
      Sophisticated afterwards, it's just that, at this stage, it's just to have some, I don't know, like, just a quick win to see, okay, that's how we can manage something, just to easiest also for the team.    We see big for AI in the business, like we

 want a long-term partnership.    But yeah, it's just to have some quick win right now.
  00:21:24 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, awesome.    I'm just, sorry, I'm writing notes still.    I think that having that API will be valuable long-term too, because you'll probably find a lot more other, because I know there was other opportunities we discussed that could have used it.    So if I recall correctly, so yeah, it could still be very valuable with other automations in the future.    Perfect.
  00:21:51 - Ulric Caron
      So I'll get back to you with that.    You'll send me an email for a mortgage automator, right?
  00:21:58 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, I'm writing, I'm writing right now still, yeah.    Okay.    With different notes about what we're discussing here.    And so the final thing is pretty much the same question about the post-disbursement follow-up.    Do you just want like a daily email summary of like, you know, what's happening?    Oh, that would be nice.    Yeah, yeah, yeah.    That would be very nice.    Yeah.
  00:22:17 - Ulric Caron
      But you'll see we have so many requests.    The AI needs to see when these deals are no longer analyzed.    So in this kind of stage, we can just terminate them.    I don't know if this report can be linked to Mortgage Automator.    And when we terminate a deal, which means we refuse it, it's not going to be in the daily report.
  00:22:42 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Oh, yeah.    I mean, definitely, especially if we have API.    Yeah.    I mean, well, as long as they allow that feature to, you know, request active contract statuses, then yes, definitely.    Yeah, that'd be cool.    Okay.    Okay.    That's good to know.    So I'll just write that down in here.    It's not necessarily for, yeah, just.    Yeah, I'm just going to write it down at least, maintain status, maintain status, things like, you said closed or canceled was the term?    Terminate.   

 Terminate, my bad.
  00:23:19 - Ulric Caron
      It's very formal, but yeah, it's the term they use on mortgage, like, I can show you, right.    Right there.    You see there's terminate here?
  00:23:37 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Just here.
  00:23:38 - Ulric Caron
      Do you see my screen?    I do, but I don't see a mouse or anything.
  00:23:44 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Oh, see terminate, though.    Yeah, top right corner, yeah.    Okay.    Also, just to inform the test contracts that I submitted, I did put the word test in them, but I believe they're all, they are all deleted right after I tested.    don't I'm    So just to let you know that, if you see any in there that still remain, they should have the word test, and those are deletable.    Okay.
  00:24:09 - Ulric Caron
      But I believe I deleted all the ones that I tested with.
  00:24:13 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Perfect.    Okay, so I think that's really it then.    I'm a lot more clear.    Let me know if you have any questions, Justin.
  00:24:23 - Ulric Caron
      Thank you for your time for taking the call.    It's just to have like this kind of touch base, just to be sure to understand the question since it's not my, I'm not an expert as you.    But yeah, don't hesitate if there's anything.    So on my end, I will try to unlock the API of mortgage.    I will get back also for the email from my colleague Nadia once a deal is signed and we have to go to the post-disgrossment loan, and that's it.    Oh, no, I'll still get back to you for the nomenclature for the files.    Yeah.    So it's going to be more of a good work on my end, but for example, if we have these kind of documents, what is an ebanclature in which folders you need to put them?    So I'll get back to you for that as well.    Awesome.
  00:25:15 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah.
  00:25:15 - Ulric Caron
      For the moment, everything can be bring for if there's a 

needle.    The documents can be created.    I'll write it down to you.    But once when we have a new files coming in, we always create this new file.    Do you still see me?    OK.    Oh, no, I don't think so.
  00:25:40 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yeah, no idea.
  00:25:41 - Ulric Caron
      So, yeah, we it's always in this folder is the number one, which means a borrower studying borrowers.
  00:25:50 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Emprunteur à l'étude.
  00:25:52 - Ulric Caron
      So the file is here and the nomenclature is always the same is the last name.    only one for So, um...    And    First name afterwards with the amount of the loan in the middle and the first letter of the one who received it by email at the end.    this is why you see you, for example, because it's my first letter of my first name.
  00:26:19 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Gotcha.
  00:26:20 - Ulric Caron
      So this creates the new, in the folder, the new loan.    So once we receive it, for example, by email, this could be created at this spot.    And the drive and afterwards, no needs, for example, right now to put it in the right folders if we don't have the time for the first step.    But we can just like bring it all together at the first, how do call that, the first screen of the folder.    So the first, once we open it.
  00:26:52 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Okay.    Yeah.    The root of the folder.    Yeah.
  00:26:54 - Ulric Caron
      We can just like drag it in the right spot afterwards.    And after that, I'll tell you where the documents have to go, but maybe this could be.    Like, a lot of work on my end for this short of time.    Okay.
  00:27:04 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Okay.    That makes sense.    Okay.    Well, I'm going to just double check internally, but I can probably send you the scopes relatively quickly.    I don't think...
  00:27:17 - Ulric Caron
      When you say the scope, jus

t to be clear, what does that mean?
  00:27:23 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Oh, so the scope is a document that we create that basically goes over...    Like, it has...    I guess I could potentially show you...    It's not like...    I don't know if I'm supposed to, I guess, but I guess I could show you.
  00:27:41 - Ulric Caron
      I don't understand English anyway.
  00:27:45 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      So this is like a scope document.    It describes the name of the product that we are going to develop, the project overview, our goals, you know, stuff like that, who's involved, what the situation is, how we propose the solution.    What tools we will use, expected outputs, our plan, know, timeline, hours, pricing, this isn't finalized, so don't take that at face value, but yeah, that's like the overview.    So, and then once that gets greenlit by you, then we begin pretty much, but I need to just double check internally, and then I should be able to send these.
  00:28:23 - Ulric Caron
      And do you think once this will be, and once this will be received, do you think for the new loan or the first disbursement, we can have something to go forward at the end of September, just to have something on our end?    Is that reasonable?
  00:28:40 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      It, we, I mean, it depends.    I'd have to confirm internally which team will actually do the solution.    It might be my team.    Um, um, we, we could aim for that.    Yes.    Um, or at least have something mostly functional by then.    I just don't want to promise, you know.    Not all the problems.    Yeah.
  00:29:00 - Ulric Caron
      It's just to see that it's going in the right direction.
  00:29:03 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yes, we'll do updates for sure anyways, so you'll get updates, yeah, yeah.
  00:29:08 - Ulric Caron
      Because we have something around like, I think, 40 hours in banks.
  00:29:14 - Justin (justinaka

adam@gmail.com)
      Oh, I didn't know you were already on with them.    Oh, okay.    I didn't know you were already in contract.    I see, okay.    Yeah, that would cover at least one of these, I believe.    Yeah, for sure.    Perfect.    Yeah.    Awesome.    Okay.    Unless, I guess, if you have any other questions, I'm pretty clear.    Yeah, then I'll get these scopes over hopefully really soon, and then you can green light or whatever, have any follow-up questions, and then, oh, let me send this email to you.    This is a little messy.    It's mostly notes, but...    No problem.    I'll just say notes from our call.    Notes, next steps, next steps.    There we go.
  00:29:59 - Ulric Caron
      So,    Do think that with the 40 hours or something, we'll be able to have a first automation step in the next few weeks?
  00:30:12 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Yes.    mean, I don't promise, but it should be possible.    should be possible.    Yeah, I mean, at worst, maybe an extra week or two, but like, yeah, definitely.    Yes.    Within that range for sure.    Yeah.    Good.    All right.    Okay.    Let me send this email to you.    Yeah.    It's just got some notes in our kind of discussions.    Wait, why was there?    Oh, that's, that's your attachment.    My bad.    don't know why that's on my email though, but interesting.    Okay.    That's fine.    Okay.    All right.    I'll, wait for some of your stuff.    And then, um, my only thing I would say is don't commit to the API purchase yet until, um, you confirm we do have those features, um, from them.    but I mean, yeah, guess you could either way, but, um, I just.    I    wouldn't want you to waste money if they didn't have those features available, but my theory is yes, they probably do, given the company's called Mortgage Automator, you know, so yeah.
  00:31:12 - Ulric Caron
      Perfect.    Awesome.
  00:31:14 - Justin (justinakaadam@gmail.com)
      Awesome.    All right.    Well

, my next steps then will be to finalize, confirm, and then send the scopes to you for green light.    And then, yeah, then we should be ready to get going.    Good.
  00:31:25 - Ulric Caron
      Thank you so much, Justin, for your time.    Awesome.    get in touch.    Awesome.    All right.    Have a good rest of your day.    Thank you, you too.    Bye.